Update language-overview.mdx (#15)
mavenagi/docs: fern/docs/pages/language-overview.mdx

| Urdu |  :white_check_mark: | |
| Vietnamese |  :white_check_mark: | |

If you need an additional language support, please reach out.

## Maven’s Multi-Language Knowledge Base

> Maven prioritizes the user’s preferred language. If a document is available in the user's language, it will be shown; otherwise, the organization’s default language is used. Detecting document language is handled by an Azure service, and duplicates across languages are not considered an issue, as it is assumed that translations are available in multiple languages. The system is designed to prevent duplicate document issues by filtering by user language first. Thus, deactivating foreign language documents for demos is unnecessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maven prioritizes the user’s preferred language. If a document is available in the user's language, it will be used; otherwise, the organization’s default language is used. Detecting document language is handled automatically, and duplicates across languages are not considered an issue, as it is assumed that translations are available in multiple languages. The system is designed to prevent duplicate document issues by filtering by user language first. Thus, deactivating foreign language documents is not necessary.
```
